Summary: Nationwide Home Advisor is an Alexa skill that helps you buy your first home from. Start by talking to Home Advisor about the type of home you want to buy, and get a personalized plan to save your down payment.
 
The problem:
 - Potential home buyers don't know where to start
 - Getting finances in order is the most difficult and longest part
 - How much do I need to save for a down payment?
 - Wanted to talk to a Nationwide financial advisor, but only open on weekdays

Demo solution:

G: ask nationwide to help me buy my first home. 

A: Hello Nationwide Hackathon. I am home advisor. Buying a home is the biggest and most complex purchase most people will make. Fortunately I work with a great team of financial advisors and we can develop a personalized plan to help buy your first home. To get started, tell me about the home you are looking for. What zip code do you want to live in?

G: I am looking for a two bedroom townhouse in nine four three zero one. 

A: Looking at the prices on Zillow for two bedroom townhouses in Palo Alto, the average price is 500,000 dollars. Do you know how much you want to put for a down payment?

G: How much do you recommend?

A: We recommend a 20% downpayment on your first home purchase, and keeping an additional 5% of funds in reserve for closing costs and unexpected expenses. Can I access your bank account to design your savings plan?

G: Sure go ahead. 

A: Accessing now. It looks like you have 50,000 dollars in your savings account. This is 40% of the 125,000 dollars we reccomend saving. Your savings has been growing at 4,000 dollars per month over the last year. If you continue saving at this rate, you will have saved enough for your downpayment in 19 months. 

G: Let's plan for 4,000 a month. 

A: Sounds like a good plan. You can ask me about your saving progress at any time, and we can update your plan if your circumstances change. Let's move onto your mortgage payments. With your credit score and current market rates, I expect you will pay five percent interest.

G: What is my monthly payment on a seventy five thousand dollar mortgage with a five percent interest rate and a thirty year term?

A: Your mortgage would be 403 dollars per month and you would pay a total of 70080 dollars in interest.

G: What about a 15 year term?

A: Your mortgage would be 593 dollars per month and you would pay a total of 31740 dollars in interest over 15 years.

G: Great, can I talk to a financial advisor to learn more?

A: Our human advisors don't work on the weekend, but we will call you on Monday. Nationwide is on your side. 
